Who are you lying to?
Look at this is the real invitation.
You have to give me the same answer, then it must be fake.
Even if it's different, you still have to be a die-hard. you?
All the guests, including the Bada family, are the same as me.
Who are you talking about?
Bada family, do they have high party damage?
Of course, the bad management of the Bada family will lead Chen Bada's industry.
It can only reach 100 billion. Are you dead?
Let me analyze it with you
OK go go go go go go go go go go
Go, go, go, go, go
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go Go, go, go, go, go
Go go go go go go go go go go
Go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
That big bastard family took out our legendary room guide
Why don't you show the king?
This touch I pressed here and pressed the big shot's clerk
You and I will both attack forward.
You are more responsible than when you were two years old
It turns out they all came here to deliver things to me, Hao Ke Ke
Super security guard, what are you doing to deliver something?
If you don’t like it, it’s the big shot in our store that you call me.
I won't discuss
These things you have settled for are in tatters
A bit Han Qiang
What did you say
Are you saying that we eat the food we gave you?
Like Han, you look so mouthful
Think about the security guard
What do you know about the ancient Shinho Way?
Stop talking nonsense
Throw away the Bada family
You can't bear the consequences for him
It was originally tattered
you know i love telling the truth